{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18880\viewh19280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Hello everybody, thank you for your time today. I would to start out by introducing my team. I\'92m Robin, and my team members are Ose and Andy, and we are the Dream Team. We make stunning full stack web applications. The app we are demonstrating today is called Just Coffee. Our application is made using the Model View Controller approach, which gave us the option to delegate roles to each team member, making for a cohesive workflow. Andy was in charge of the front-end design, Ose took over the routes and server configuration, and I oversaw the database structure and design, as well as version control management.\
\
Now, onto our product.\
Specialty coffee is one of the fastest growing industries in consumer products. I can probably make a safe assumption that many of you consume coffee on a daily basis, maybe even more than once a day. Yet, more and more coffee businesses are looking to move online with their products and services. And with that in mind we created Just Coffee.\
\
Just Coffee was originally intended as a subscription business that would provide customers with a choice of coffees which they could select from, highlighting the unique expressions of regional coffee roasters by city. This idea of curating coffees from select cities is an untapped market with lots of potential. But as we started to solidify our idea, we realized that with the abilities and skills we each bring to the table, including our ability to adapt during build-out in the spirit of Agile Development, our concept didn\'92t need to be limited to one industry.\
\
In the end, we decided that this is just one of many examples of a subscription model that we would like to offer to customers. Our goal is to be able to offer this subscription business to any company that would like to start offering their products on a subscription basis to their customers. Essentially what we\'92ve created is a subscription template that can be adapted for any business. Our customers would primarily be other businesses. A big part of what we would be offering to our customers would be a beautiful User Interface as you will be able to see during our presentation.\
\
And with that, I\'92ll hand it off to Andy so that he can speak on the front-end design of our application.\
\
\
\
Thanks Ose. Some of the tools and we used to build our back-end structure included MySQL workbench in conjunction with Sequelize as our ORM (object relational mapping). This approach allows us to maintain persistent data on our customers, products and services. Now I\'92ll demonstrate one of the main features of the website. How to create a user account. This process is made possible by the configuration of our routes with our SQL database. We are also using Passport, an npm for creating secure user login profiles that enables password hashing and user serialization, keeping personal data secure across http requests. That concludes the description of where we\'92re at with the app, I\'92ll go ahead and dive into future development.\
\
\
Stretch goals: in the future we would like to create a structure to our application that would allow our product providers to have their own portal to log in and manage their own offerings on our website. This would take the responsibility of managing inventories, pricing, and other details off of our hands and into the hands of the provider, therefore effectively keeping a lean business model with lower overhead and higher margins. Similar to a drop-ship model that has become very popular in recent years. If my teammates would like to add anything to the stretch goal portion I will give them the opportunity now. \
\
That concludes our presentation. I would like to open it up for any questions you may have. \
\
}